2013 ARRP TODO LIST

Checks:
	[x] Ensure delete_on_finish (jobs.py) is allowing multiple people to complete the job.
	[x] Is `sight.look` working correctly after the update?
	[?] Would splitting up zone maps help performance?
	[?] Can we delete the `item` key from WORLD_INFO after we update ITEMS?

Fixes:
	[x] Fix jobs menu
	[x] Refresh tile of deleted item
	[?] ALife get recoil even on idle
	[/] Non-random dialog choices
	[x] Judge dialog impact on `like` and `dislike` instead of gist name
	[ ] Unused function: `jobs.cancel_on`
	[x] LOS crash on menu exit
	[x] Item searching in `sight.look`
	[x] Speed-up `sight.scan_surroundings`
		[x] Skip chunk if the chunk before it is invisible
	[x] Trees need to spawn in the ground a bit
	[?] If we are not compatiable with someone, maybe we can override that with trust?
	[/] Some trees not generating higher than the ground
	[x] `is_target_of` is terribly inefficient
	[x] ALife wants cover during combat
	[x] Clear path of thrown life to prevent warping
	[?] Explosions through wall
	[x] Menu entry colors
	[ ] Dialog topics need to lose their trust/danger score after a while
	[ ] `get_limb_stability` needs to factor in all injuries
	[ ] Thrown ALife do not properly enter/exit chunks
	[ ] ALife do nothing while in cover
	[ ] You can't wear an item if it is stored AND a storage item itself
	[ ] Item scoring should replace `combat.get_best_weapon`. Merge its contents.
	[/] Items need dereferencing inside ALife memory on delete
		Remembered items should still be able to reference deleted items in some way
		This kind of behavior lends itself to the sort of behavior we're desiring,
		i.e., a feeling of uncertainty, that the player and ALife can be led to non-
		existent items/etc.
	[/] Telling other ALife about items/chunks can lead to interesting behaviors
		e.g.: "I heard about <x> from <y>, maybe I should check it out."
		e.g.: An item is wanted, but not right away
	[ ] `5` is hardcoded as the lowest preferred ammo count for usable weapons
	[ ] Keep chunk_map from mapgen?
	[ ] Integrate color lerping into menu item creation
	[ ] Current dijkstra map crash could be due to the distances between points being too far.
		Maybe use A* until we're at a suitable distance?
	[ ] Show what non-tiles are in look mode (using the mouse or free look only)
		Grass, trees, etc
	[ ] How many times do we need to calculate `is_safe`?
	[ ] Item speed not lowered along with velocity in `collision_with_solid`
	[?] Change `alife_search` to check for non-combat targets too
		Would replace searching behavior in `alife_follow`
	

Cycles:
	[ ] ALife searching for group leader when not found at `last_pos`
	
	&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
	& Gather group, loot this location, return to base &
	&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
	
	WEAPON DISTANCES IN ALL LOGIC FUNCTIONS

Dead Cycles
	[ ] Engage -> Spend ammo -> idle

Future:
	[x] Re-announce group whenever (alife_group.py)
	[ ] Group relationships
	[/] Bushes/foliage
	[/] Tell about ALife's last position when asked
	[ ] Call out lie when misinforming people on group motive
	[ ] Blowback from weapons
	[/] Map gen:
		[ ] Dead-end roads
		[/] Driveways/side roads
		[ ] Flowers
		[ ] Road signs
		[ ] Double-wide roads for towns
	[x] `examine_keys`: List of keys to show in examine view
	[ ] Put items in storage
	[ ] Visual character descriptions in look mode
		[ ] Show what their state is ("running" etc)
	[ ] Different color icons for different groups
	[ ] ALife should also change the background of the tile they're standing on to a color representing their stance towards them
	[ ] Auto-pause
	[ ] Player can call for help
	[ ] "Situations" i.e., context-sensitive hints that pop up during combat like quicktime events ("call for help", "surrender", etc)
	[ ] "Battle view"?
	[ ] Improve relationship by attacking targets
	[ ] *Friendly added*
	[ ] Item name mods (torn, dented, etc)
	[ ] The "smartness" of an ALife could be determined by how quickly they react to situations (change states)
	[ ] Black Holes

It's very early in the morning, a perfect time for raids, as the enemy is usually taking shelter from the rabid wildlife that come out at night.
My squademate hangs back, slightly outside of town. If I can't do the raid myself, he'll be there for backup.
I take a shot at the first person I see, destroying the target's <limb>

Dialog
	[ ] What is our relationship like with <group>?
	[ ] Phrases could use a little more detail to represent the urgency/tension of the situation

Caching Layers:
	[x] Zones
	[x] Dijkstra maps
	[ ] Memories

Groups:
	[ ] Chunk ownership -> reference ownership
	[ ] Area of influence

Refactor:
	[ ] `maps.get_chunk` -> `chunks.get_chunk`
	[ ] `maps.enter/leave_chunk` -> `chunks.enter/leave_chunk`

** PARTICLE EFFECTS **

In progress
	[x] Sticky combat pause
	[x] ALife pause to take cover & reload
		[ ] Potential to have the ALife get close to the player and melee
	[/] Particle effect for shooting
	[ ] ALife escaping surrender via safety maps
	[x] Incapacitate by non-leg wounds
	[/] Depending on distance, being incapacitated could cause the ALife to try and escape otherwise
	[x] Knocking out
	[ ] Searching after grenade explosions
	[ ] Run from grenades
		[x] Chunk map: track items


** To get ALife to escape from surrender, generate dijkstra map with all friendly ALife as goals.
Take the score and compare it to the ALife's courage skill. We can translate their skill in courage
to this score to find out whether to run away or not. **

If ALife begins dialog while entering or in the surrender state, change dialog based on intimidation

Given the situation:
	Player tosses grenade into room
	Enemies are unaware
	They are injured by the explosion
	How do they react? Who do they blame?
		They don't know who threw the grenade, but we need to communicate action
	How do ALife track item ownership?

Stranded functions:
	speech.determine_interesting_event

Deprecate:
	Snapshots of ALife






Make sure we add ourselves to the group list
HOWEVER, drawing alignments should use the player's list, not the NPC's
Group motives are NOT shared yet!
issues in member list propagation can occur because there is no way to track when someone leaves a group
Group joining permissions
